---
layout: single
title: "About"
permalink: /about/
classes: wide
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/header_about.jpg
  caption: |
    [Photo: **Unsplash** <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt"></i>](https://unsplash.com/photos/bUpwY7EdrlQ)
---

I'm currently full time Software Engineer at Avco Systems in Slough, UK. I'm
also recent Computer Science graduate of the University of Surrey, having
achieved a first class honours overall with an 80% grade in my dissertation on
Byzantine Consensus in distributed systems. 

In 2019 I was lucky enough to receive the Gold-i Prize for achieving the highest
performance in my second year module 'Further Programming Paradigms', which
covered advanced OOP in C++, Functional Programming in Haskell and Logic
Programming in Prolog.

I also completed a placement year as a full-time Software Engineer at Xceptor,
where I worked in an agile scrum team, primarily using _C#, AngularJS and SQL
Server_ to develop new features for a large web-based automation platform used
internationally by large financial clients.

Whenever I have enough free time, I like working on my own coding projects, some
of which you can read about [here.](/projects/) I hope to update this more soon.

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dow_me.jpg" alt="Duke Of
Westminster Award" caption="At the House of Lords, 2016" %}{:
style="width: 10em; float: right; margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 0;"}

Before I got to university, I spent a lot of my time with the Royal Air Force
Air Cadets, where I was a Cadet Warrant Officer and the most senior cadet on my
squadron. As well as flight experience, I gained a range of skills such as
effective teamwork, communication, time management and leadership.

In 2016, I was a regional finalist for the CVQO Duke of Westminster award. As
part of this competition I completed an ILM Level 3 certificate in Leadership
and Team Management, and was elected to become the CVQO Regional Ambassador for
the southern UK - a role where I promoted the benefits of vocational
qualifications to cadets throughout the south for the next year.

Around that time, I also undertook several long distance hikes in support of
charity, namely the [RAFA](https://www.rafa.org.uk/), the
[JTYAF](https://www.jtyaf.org/) and [CALM](https://www.thecalmzone.net/). The
hikes took place in the Brecon Beacons, on the Ridgeway and through Dartmoor.

My hobbies nowadays include gaming and working out at ~~the gym~~ **home**. I
also play the guitar/keyboard on occasion, and can solve Rubik's cubes
_reasonably_ quickly (see below)!

![Solving a Rubik's cube](/assets/images/cube.gif){: style="width: 32em"}
